You were asked in the quiz question whether you would be able to be certain
that the Spark cluster was up and running
if you received the correct output on the console.
Well, let's take a look at the answer.
The data showing on the console is
an indication your Spark application was written correctly.
However, it is not a guarantee that you started the cluster.
Running the Spark application without a cluster will not scale appropriately.
You should always check that the spark master and worker are running using this command.
Typing ps -ef will give you a list of processes running on the server.
You will want to watch for two lines that have the word Spark in them.
You may have to expand the terminal to see the full output.
In this example, do you see Spark running?
There are no processes showing the word Spark,
so Spark is not running.
How about in this example, is Spark running?
Notice in this screen there are two lines containing the word Spark: each is a process,
one's running the master,
and one is running a worker.
This means Spark is actively running.